README.md, before:

# MongoTools

MongoTools is a little shell script that provide command line interface to
manage Mongo documents.

With a simple command, you can import, export, clean a Mongo database.  
Use this script directly in you shell or add it to grunt or git-hooks.

## Installation

You can download the script from [Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh) :

* With CURL :

	    curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh -o mongotools.sh

* With WGET : 

		wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh
		
_Make sure the script is executable:_  

		chmod a+x mongotools.sh

## Settings

Edit the variables below at the beginning of the script :

* `DB_NAME='your-mongo-db'` : name of you mongo database
* `DB_COLLECTIONS=( 'your-documents' 'another' )` : array of documents to import/export/clear
* `DATAS_PATH='./_datas'` : path where the script store the datas.

## Usage

* **Make actions on MongoDB** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-o] (actions list)

    Execute each listed action in order you want:
    
    * export: export database collection in JSON
    * import: import collection from JSON
    * clear: remove all collections from database

    Example: `./mongotools.sh export clear import` :  
    export collections, then clear DB and finally re-import !

* **Display usage message** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-h]

* **Display script version** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-v | --version]
        
## License

BashTools is free and unencumbered public domain software.  
For more information, see <http://unlicense.org/> or the accompanying LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Test package as command line interface

README.md, after:

# MongoTools

> **Warning !** Work in progress. This package isn't ready for production.

MongoTools is a little shell script that provide command line interface to
manage Mongo documents.

With a simple command, you can import, export, clean a Mongo database.  
Use this script directly in you shell or add it to grunt or git-hooks.

## Installation

You can download the script from [Github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh) :

* With CURL :

	    curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh -o mongotools.sh

* With WGET : 

		wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThierryLag/MongoTools/bash-version/mongotools.sh
		
_Make sure the script is executable:_  

		chmod a+x mongotools.sh

## Settings

Edit the variables below at the beginning of the script :

* `DB_NAME='your-mongo-db'` : name of you mongo database
* `DB_COLLECTIONS=( 'your-documents' 'another' )` : array of documents to import/export/clear
* `DATAS_PATH='./_datas'` : path where the script store the datas.

## Usage

* **Make actions on MongoDB** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-o] (actions list)

    Execute each listed action in order you want:
    
    * export: export database collection in JSON
    * import: import collection from JSON
    * clear: remove all collections from database

    Example: `./mongotools.sh export clear import` :  
    export collections, then clear DB and finally re-import !

* **Display usage message** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-h]

* **Display script version** :

        ./mongotools.sh [-v | --version]
        
## License

BashTools is free and unencumbered public domain software.  
For more information, see <http://unlicense.org/> or the accompanying LICENSE file.
